Websocket authentication without spaces (#269)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: websockets.md

| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |

> Note: There can't be a space around `=` in the Cookie value as this would prevent the successfull websocket connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: There can't be any spaces around `=` in the Cookie value as this would prevent successful WebSocket connection.
```
